config: add changelog entry re config (#8851)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config.md

## feature/config

> * Initial version of the declarative server and cluster configuration
>   (gh-8724).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced the initial version of the declarative configuration for Tarantool
  servers and clusters(gh-8724).
```
